cognitive they have the tank they had
the tanki line up here in the top lane
and in the jungle pantheon he doesn't
get that yet look for it okay here we go
game was afoot it's gonna be a lantern
not you hook lands Admiral zip fly gotta
show up there a lot of name is that
Robert actually does not have any
summoners left barrier used more damage
going across coming up shows up and
actually makes the kill happen the e
landed i think is above it up who's
actually nothing here still being fine
and i got a point out actually just now
in this game hold on all fightin he's
gonna whack the turret but broken shards
here there's no flash she's taking the
cue and stuns up broken shards it back
time then he probably would have wanted
some turret damage yep but they end up
getting a kill their Foreman lantern
backwards all right when they go for the
guild knock up automatically he does not
have flash available beautiful hook
there from zan king as well robotics
leave gonna go the way of the graveyard
down he goes that's a lot of walk up
onto one target they pick up Robert
Exley no chance akshay I guess there was
a chance to barrier deciding yep the
kinshaya slicing those one comes across
West rice Trotter went away in the
Lightning form here comes the man drive
as well old he comes by as well Richard
stand up but not into range is the
damage there for broken shard more
autotext coming Ziploc one charge from
stunned that gets away Richie Rich still
getting chase brokerage aqua head to go
gets the stunt back onto it but gets the
kill picked up now Admiral ziplock not
in a good place he's in the wrong
neighborhood really Andres rice got
nothing to do with him one more auto and
Down Goes at do a little dance for him
there about the backup neon strike by
last year we play really passive we wait
for them to come to us and yeah we won a
lot but we think of the long run it's
better to play an enforcer for the issue
and there's learning it and I mean oh
there we go ulti gone on to West race
Richmond shows up into the battle takes
a bunch of pain for it but the ulti is
now down backs up after the ignite West
race don't give for the kill taking some
damage good stuff back on a ziploc
there's the wreck we have one more hit
that'll be the killer picked up for some
flash for it but hey breath oh sorry I'm
a steel tempest charged up actually
there goes brookshire to the top lands
it right onto Ziploc actually it's a
sure shot for his troubles but there is
Richie Rich you waited the entire time
can you get the damage roguish are gets
one can he run away now puts the attacks
back on one more block oh he's gonna go
his God one oh my god broken shard
1 v 2 does it allows you stayin down
bottom and the 42 jump over the wall we
the first coming across and that is the
knock-up that's gonna be dinking going
down as well and a big man right there
yup you're a big boy aren't you broke
this size 60 I guess proper now here
comes Amanda you're one unto him we're
putting fear into his heart here comes
the damage the vault breaker come back
across to be to know that's gonna be a
rough one probably four straight away
broken shard on the retreat as well no
more key was gonna land there's the OC
is it enough probably has the shield
it's enough wow just enough that so
close so close that sheet and cog
they're gonna push this dirt bump us off
on the side and Kenan is available West
rice he has the slicing Maelstrom and
the Sonja's he's going to engage this is
not good present fear of the hook comes
in where's the damn is gonna come across
them up at the front there's this
Sonja's and the size emails remember him
going for it hardcore picks up the kill
just on to Caitlyn West rice does go
down in this battle and actually two
kills coming across it's actually a
better fight for the Hermit than you
would have thought to Purdue Robert
actually making the play picking up a
killin leaving birds flash for it but
worth it likely and then Sam fira he's
completed surface of race and here comes
the second drop in mid lane the battle
begins and the damage output is rather
high zip here in the back lines goes
down right away nothing here on the back
side trying to make it happen broken
shard pushed away 141 so far big rap
coming here comes crawling on the
backside can you get the damage finds
what finds two for the team 341 battle
so far determined one in that one that
was a 3 v5 at the start of that with the
engagement from Wes tries to keep them
there with the slicing Maelstrom and the
flash to get him in range they're gonna
push this middle turret determine coming
up big on this one if they're gonna get
the inhib they're gonna start pushing
side length oh no they aren't actually
they're gonna back off a west way it
might be in trouble in a bit of trouble
the knock-up comes in a very big commit
their from zip block he's gonna go down
I ran out of it so here's a question for
you though you want to buy noodles from
dragon yeah but would you buy West rice
from determined I would you would I
would okay is Wes rice like the best
rice it is ok that's why it's because it
because it rhymes
or any other reason why no it's cuz East
rice as well hey hey hey hey hey oh whoa
whoa that's not offensive you broadcast
on east and west it's not offensive to
say it's dear few guys that in Game
widened old it made sense don't worry
gotta scrying warps crime or beats
sweeping lens implants keyboarding toast
dessert but Alma god bless rice going
straight in there it's going for papasan
is devin another here does not block the
old me and here comes about onto the
back sides impure on the left getting
chased down by probably can't get the
kill knock up comes in and he's going to
flash out 140 so far requiem is
available not even going to go for
health bars not low enough retreat now
take you down kocontes way out oh the
West race anyway though do they have the
damage they need weapons and a half zip
lock horseback get stunned again I
broken trumpet flash of the way he is
safe for now wind wall comes out
probably still there broken shard of
mana just for our lines probably low on
HP Oh pulled around has a ga keep that
in mind Richie Rich now getting chase
Robert actually finds the last shot
another kill comes through the
tournament for the collapse back down oh
really running out of five people oh
they're gonna actually listen to the
right nothing here getting caught out a
lot of damage gets the lantern he is
safe who the engage comes back richer
which forced to run away the team is
here now Fox's wallet pain come across
there's the engaged in fira into the
backline the battle has certainly begun
at this point simply report about pop
some of the shield finally goes down
though Robert Lee safe in the backline
crawlies GA has been pop goes back up
has a shield he's gonna be safe doesn't
even break the entire shield wester ice
pops these Sonia's as well Baron and DTG
West rice he's gonna do a little bit his
own control here prolly can they get it
everybody engages five be 4 GA is down
they're gonna chase on it with the
ascensions and king if the frontline big
damage pin from Robert Oxley who the
slow in a rich you rich do they have the
damage they need now probably 2 q's away
from the knock-up there's the first one
she was gonna be the tornado next time
around there's the lantern does not get
stuck can they get the damage throughout
the ones that they need Wes rice in the
front lines lands a bit of damage put
the wind wall down good choice there
Richie Rich still on the run ultimate in
from Caitlyn is done in as well as the
killer picked up seven one and five now
for broke a shard inhibitor number two
about De Palma Admiral ziplock is back
in the mix are going to stop and go for
zemfira now the purlins he's going to
drop down again very shortly know he's
going to
first one on the back like getting
crushed down nothing here drops kill
picked up now 340 so far in this battle
and they're still going everyone so much
going on they got 25 seconds ago only a
nickel I've surrendered again for knew
how it happens then determined 20 on